Questions Link : https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-programming-examples/


Basic:

1. Factorial of a number 
2. Check Armstrong Number
3. Print all Prime numbers in an Interval
4. Check whether a number is Prime or not
5. N-th Fibonacci number
6. Check if a given number is Fibonacci number?
7. Nth multiple of a number in Fibonacci Series
8. Sum of squares of first n natural numbers
9. Cube sum of first n natural numbers



Array/List:

1. Find sum of array
2. Find largest element in an array
3. Program for array rotation
4. Reversal algorithm for array rotation
5. Split the array and add the first part to the end
6. Find reminder of array multiplication divided by n
7. Check if given array is Monotonic
8. Reverse an array

8. Interchange first and last elements in a list
9. Swap two elements in a list
10. Ways to find length of list (Ignore)
11. Ways to check if element exists in list
12. Different ways to clear a list
13. Reversing a List
14. Find sum of elements in list
15. Multiply all numbers in the list
16. Find smallest number in a list
17. Find largest number in a list
18. Find second largest number in a list
19. Find N largest elements from a list
20. Even numbers in a list (Ignore)
21. Odd numbers in a List (Ignore)
22. Print all even numbers in a range (Ignore)
23. Print all odd numbers in a range (Ignore)
24. Print positive numbers in a list (Ignore)
25. Print negative numbers in a list (Ignore)
26. Print all positive numbers in a range (Ignore)
27. Print all negative numbers in a range (Ignore)
28. Remove multiple elements from a list
29. Remove empty List from List
30. Cloning or Copying a list
31. Count occurrences of an element in a list
32. Remove empty tuples from a list
33. Print duplicates from a list of integers
34. Find Cumulative sum of a list
35. Sum of number digits in List
36. Break a list into chunks of size N
37. Sort the values of first list using second list

String:

Check if a string is palindrome or not
Reverse words in a given String
Check if a Substring is Present in a Given String
Words Frequency in String Shorthands
Convert Snake case to Pascal case
Print even length words in a string
Accept the strings which contains all vowels
Count the Number of matching characters in a pair of string
Remove all duplicates from a given string
Least Frequent Character in String
Maximum frequency character in String
Check if a string contains any special character
Generating random strings until a given string is generated
Find words which are greater than given length k
Removing i-th character from a string
Split and join a string
Check if a given string is binary string or not
Find uncommon words from two Strings
Replace duplicate Occurrence in String
Replace multiple words with K
Permutation of a given string using inbuilt function
Check for URL in a String
Execute a String of Code
String slicing to rotate a string
String slicing to check if a string can become empty by recursive deletion
Counter| Find all duplicate characters in string
Replace all occurrences of a substring in a string